Exploding Fish (Commodore 64 game)
by Megastyle
2018/05/02

This game is released as a physical Commodore 64 version on the floppy disk enclosed 
with issue 11 of Reset Magazine. 
If you want to buy that version, visit Protovisions Web Shop:
https://www.protovision.games/shop/product_info.php?products_id=215&MODsid=0m3hu65osclbp2nle4d8q47bb3

All income from this digital version will be used to finance a physical collectors tape 
version, hopefully released around august/september 2018. More info of how to secure 
yourself that version coming soon. 

Progress for the tape version by 06 July 2018: 
Layout for Cover, Inlay and Tape is done. Work is now focused on mastering the tapes. 

Thanks for your patience and we hope you enjoy the game.


Aim of the game
The evil Doctor Drax has been busy, dropping bombs onto the protected reefs.

Take control of Diver Dougal. Dive deep, defuse bombs, avoid nasties... 
and watch out for alien artefacts!

Collect all the encryption keys in order to access & defuse the bombs. 
Better watch out for the sea life though... Those creatures really hate intruders!

So set sail on the - Unsinkable 2- and make the sea a safer place.


Game info
Your trusty boat, the Unsinkable 2 enters from the right and drops Dougal in the water. 
From there you must swim down and collect each of the five encryption keys in turn and 
take them to the end-portal. Each time a key is used, the display on the portal will 
show how many more keys are needed. When all keys have been used, the portal will 
dissolve and Dougal will be able to access the bomb. This must be collected and returned 
to the boat before the countdown timer elapses. If that happens, it's well and truly 
game-over… BOOM! 

Successfully returning the bomb to the boat is the goal of each level. Dougal will climb 
back onboard the Unsinkable 2 which will take him off to save the next reef! Any remaining 
time on the countdown timer will be converted to bonus points before the next level begins.

On each level there are other collectables to find. Air cylinders and medipacks replenish 
air and health respectively. Occasionally the player will come across an alien artefact, 
no doubt dropped accidentally from a passing flying saucer! Collecting one of these is 
always a gamble. There are a random mixed bag of about 15 different effects this could 
have, some good but some bad.

You must battle your way from reef to increasingly difficult reef until you eventually reach
 Dr. Drax’s secret dock. That’s your chance to finish him off for good, but be warned- he’s 
 no pushover!


Playing the game
The game is controlled with a joystick in port 2. Use the SPACEBAR to pause.
Keep a close eye on the countdown timer, if it reaches zero then it’s all over! Press fire 
to collect the various items scattered throughout each level - trianguar encryption keys, 
air cylinders, medipacks or alien artefacts. There’s also a lot of treasure scattered about 
in the form of gold coins. Simply swim into these to collect them for a healthy score boost! 
Please note that you can only hold one encryption key at a time. Take each one to the bomb 
portal and press joystick-down+fire to use the key. The number shown on the portal will 
decrease, telling you how many more keys are needed. Once you have used all 5 keys then the 
portal will dissolve allowing you to collect the bomb. Better get it back to the boat as 
soon as possible!


Health and air
As you swim around underwater, the air in your cylinder will slowly be used up. Collecting 
air cylinders will give your air level a much needed top-up. Don’t let your air reach zero 
otherwise your health will start to deplete!

Each level has it’s share of genetically modified fish, all released by Dr. Drax to keep 
unwanted meddlers at bay! Allowing any of these to touch you will result in you losing a 
chunk of your health. Also watch out for Mermaids, normally they are quite peaceful they 
can’t resist stealing air from passing divers! Whenever you begin a new level, your air 
will have been fully replenished but only some of your health will have been restored so 
be careful!

Helpful hint
swimming close to the surface wherever possible will preserve your air supply because 
Dougal can breathe through his snorkel.

Level codes
Every time you complete a level, you will be given a code for the following level. 
Always make sure you write these down as they can be entered on the title screen and used to 
begin subsequent games without having to start from level 1 each time. There’s no such thing 
as a free lunch as the saying goes, so be aware that the higher the level you jump to, the 
less health you will start with!


EXPLODING FISH - THE CREDITS:
Developed by Megastyle
Published by Reset Magazine and Megastyle

Programming, graphics and level design by: Chris Stanley
Sprites and animations by: Roy Widding and Chris Stanley
Game music by: Andrew Fisher

Docs written by: Chris Stanley
Docfile programmed by: Eric Hilaire
Docfile graphics by: Roy Widding

Loading screen by: Rune Spaans
Loading music by: Anders Rodahl

Megastyle Game Intro by: Kåre Johansen and Roy Widding

Exploding Fish advertisement: Del Seymour

Thanks to Vidar Bang, David Eriksson, Ruben Spaans and Chris Ledger for helpful suggestions and 
testing the game.

https://megastyle.itch.io/exploding-fish