SNAFU '64
by Megastyle
Published	Nov 25, 2017
https://megastyle.itch.io/snafu-64

A remake of the Intellivision classic "SNAFU" for the Commodore 64/128. 


-"A war between the serpents is on!  Chase your enemies with your aggressive snake, corner them in your maze. 
Kill them one by one – or let them kill each other before you strike and win in a game where only the swift 
will survive."


Aim of the game:
SNAFU '64 is a classic snake trap game where you must direct your snake so that it always has room to keep 
moving freely. 
At the same time, try to block your opponents so that they are forced into a collision. 
If a snake collides with the edge of the picture, with an obstacle, with another snake or with part of itself, 
it is killed and eliminated from the round. 


Game variations:
When you see the game title, press fire on your joystick in port 2 to enter the menu. In the menu you have the 
opportunity to choose your own game variations by moving the joystick up or down.

1. Play!: Start the game by pressing firebutton 
2. Speed: Choose between Slow, Normal or Fast by pressing firebutton.
3. Rounds: Choose number of rounds from 1 to 99 by moving joystick left or right
4. Diagonal moves: Choose ”Yes” or ”No” by pressing firebutton. If you choose diagonal movement, you can cross 
a diagonal trail when moving diagonally yourself. However, the intersection must be between links.
5. Obstacles: Choose ”Yes” or ”No” by pressing firebutton.If you choose obstacles, these appear as different 
colored objects scattered about the screen. 
6. Remove Dead Snakes: Choose ”Yes” or ”No” by pressing firebutton. If you choose to remove dead snake, their 
trails disappears when the player dies. If you keep them, they remain on screen as additional obstacles.

All game variations can be played by 1 to 4 Players with the Protovision 4 Player Interface.


How to play Snafu '64:
When the game starts all snakes are frozen on the screen untill the fire button on Joystick Port 2 is pressed. 

The snakes will start moving in a random direction choosen by the computer.

The snakes will be controlled by the computer untill the player moves the joystick responding to his joystick. 
If a player do not move his joystick for the first 5 seconds of the game the computer will control the snake 
for the rest of the game. After you have moved your joystick, you will have control of your snake for the rest 
of the round. 
Note that if all ”active players” die, the game will speed up the remaining computer controlled snakes, and 
quickly finish the round. 

Player 1 = Blue Snake (Joystick port 2)
Player 2 = Red Snake (Joystick port 1)
Player 3 = Yellow Snake (Joystick adapter port 1)
Player 4 = Purple Snake (Joystick adapter port 2)

Your Snake will not respond if you try to change direction to the exact opposite of your present movement, 
since this would cause you to have a head-on collision with yourself.
When a snake collides, all other surviving snakes are awarded one point. If two snakes collide simultaneously, 
both are eliminated and neither receives a point. Any other surviving snakes, however, receive two points. 
Points are accumulated throughout the number of rounds set at the beginning of the game (up to 99). 
Points are displayed along the bottom of the screen, in the color of the snake
The ingame music lets you know that the current round of play had reached the "showdown" stage -- a battle 
between the last two existing snakes.  
If you want to quit the game press ”RUN/STOP” to return to the title screen.

 
SNAFU'64 Credits:
Programmed by Ruben Spaans and Eric Hilaire
Graphics by Roy Widding 
Music by Roy Widding 

Game Manual Petscii graphic by Andy Zeidler
A game developed by Megastyle (c) 1997/2016

Game concept roughly based on the intellivision title ”Snafu” (c) 1981 Mattel/Intellivision Productions, Inc.

Play the original game on the INTELLIVISION LIVES! CD-ROM available at www.intellivisionlives.com


https://megastyle.itch.io/snafu-64