Tombstones (Free C64 game)
by Megastyle
Published	Nov 28, 2017
https://megastyle.itch.io/tombstones

THE STORY:
Our hero - EL GRINGO - is infamous for being the fastest and most dangerous gunslinger 
in the wild, wild west. But he is tired of killing, and wants to retire from his gunslinger 
career to settle down with his true love, MISS. JIGGLYTITS. However, having this stellar 
reputation tempt outlaws from the whole wide west to seek him down for duels! Will it be 
possible for EL GRINGO to survive his retirement day and get to his true love?

AIM OF THE GAME:
To get to his true love, EL GRINGO has to gun down 6 outlaws on 3 different stages: 
The Desert, The City and The Graveyard. Each outlaw is slightly quicker than the previous,
 so EL GRINGO has to summon all his reaction, speed, and will to survive.

HOW TO PLAY:
Press space to start the game. Place your fingers on the keyboard while you GET READY. 
When a random character is displayed on the screen, you have to press the same character 
on the keyboard to draw and shoot your gun! If you are too slow, or you press the wrong 
character, you will get wasted.  To quit the game and return to the intro press "RUN/STOP"

TRAINER:
You can press "F8" to activate/de-activate the trainer. This can only be done on the intro 
screen. If the trainer is activated, the border changes color to dark blue. The trainer 
gives you full invincibility and you will never loose a duel. Keep in mind that a cheater 
is not worthy of any points on the hall of fame, so the score will remain at ZERO points 
as long as you have the trainer activated.  You can always return to the intro by pressing 
"RUN/STOP" and deactivate the trainer.     

HI-SCORE SAVER:
If you have a disk-drive or you play the D64 version on an emulator, the game has a 
built-in high score saver. 

CREDITS:
Programming by Docster
Graphics and Music by Rotteroy
Based on idea by Drumtex
Coding assistance: Scroll and Majikeyric
Playtesting and moral support by Majikeyric, Drumtex, Scroll, Rage and Sparkler

Instructions page made by Majikeyric with Petscii graphics by Shine, and sprites by Sparkler 
and Rotteroy.

Loading Picture by Sparkler
Loading Music by Rage

Developed in 2017 by Megastyle. Physical version distributed by Reset 64 on the coverdisk of 
Reset magazine issue number 10 august 2017. Digital version distributed by Megastyle on ITCH 
and CSDB september 2017

https://megastyle.itch.io/tombstones